In this video, we are going to go ahead
and tackle this one here, the Create Pet
Type, Pet, and Visit Entities. These are
three entities that we want to add into
our project. We will accomplish them
with task number 26 here. So let's come
over here and we'll go into IntelliJ.
Let's open up source main Java. I'm
going to change back these settings here
to compact. Empty middle packages.
We'll come back here, and now, let's
create a new Java class called PetType.
Oh, my mistake. Cancel. We already had
PetType there. That was my bad. We do
have PetType. I got a hit myself. Sorry.
We do have PetType here. Base entity, so
that is already on the Pet. We are
good there. My mistake.
We do have Pet, PetType
and this is
not. Let's take a look at the owner, so
the owner does not have a pet yet.
Let's go ahead and add that with this
task.
We can see that, and now we come here
and say add in the getters and setters
for that. That accomplishes that.
Let's double check.
So pet. We want to also add in the
Visit Entity so if we come back here to
pet clinic, let's take a look at this guy.
We have the visit entity. Their
visit implementation is pretty simple. It's going to have a local date,
description, and a pet ID. I'm curious why
they did pet ID. I'm going to change mapping.
We'll actually use the pet itself rather
than pet ID. That's kind of strange. I see
why they did that. Let's go ahead
and grab that local date. I'm surprise they
don't have a time component there.
Usually when I visit, they will have a time , so I
will do that. We'll add in Visit.
We'll get the local date, description
and pet ID. We'll do private string,
like so and I will do...
I'm just doing command N, getter
and setter.
I'll go ahead and add those in like so. so now,
we have a visit extends base entity. He
also has a pet. Taking a look at the
implementation there, we are deviating
from the reference implementation, where
they use a ID value, which is kind of
strange. That's going to cause us. It should cause us
more work. Hopefully, I don't regret this
decision by deviating. But let's take a
look at this. The task was to create the
pet, type pet and visit entities.
Right now, they were already existing so
we did have the pet. I made a mistake.
I didn't realize it was there when I
planned it out. We do have pet their.
Pet type, which just gives us a name
of a pet type, which is quite nice. But
that is a singular attribute of pet. And
then, we are also adding in visit and a
visit as a date with its description and
associates a pet with that ID. I am
going to call that good and that was
task number number 26. Let's go ahead
and call that good here. I'm going to go
ahead and commit that into Git.
I'm saying I added in visits.
Got a typo in the word. Then updated the owner
and added in updated owner with pet
relationship. I'm closing out task number
26, so we'll go ahead and commit and push
that up to GitHub and call this task
good. If I wish to use references, can I
count on you to say nice things about me?
Be honest. Do you mean be honest or nice?